Cloud Console Metrics Page (#16325)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/metrics-page.md

### SQL Open Sessions

This graph shows the total number of SQL client connections across the cluster.

See the [**Sessions** page](sessions-page.html) for more details on the sessions.

### SQL Connection Latency

Connection latency is calculated as the time in nanoseconds between when the cluster receives a connection request and establishes the connection to the client, including authentication. This graph shows the p90-p99.99 latencies for SQL connections to the cluster.

### SQL Connection Attempts

This graph shows the total number of new SQL connection attempts for the cluster.

## Identify SQL Problems

On the **Identify SQL Problems** tab, you can view the following time series graphs:

### Transaction Restarts

This graph shows the number of transactions restarted across the cluster.

See the [Transaction Retry Error Reference](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/transaction-retry-error-reference.html) for details on the errors that caused the transaction to restart.

### SQL Statement Errors

> This graph shows the 10-second average of the number of SQL statements that returned a [planning](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/architecture/sql-layer.html#sql-parser-planner-executor), [runtime](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/architecture/sql-layer.html#sql-parser-planner-executor), or [retry error](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/transactions.html#error-handling) across all nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This graph shows a moving average of the number of SQL statements that returned a [planning](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/architecture/sql-layer.html#sql-parser-planner-executor), [runtime](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/architecture/sql-layer.html#sql-parser-planner-executor), or [retry error](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/transactions.html#error-handling) across all nodes.
```

See the [Statements page](statements-page.html) for more details on the cluster's SQL statements.

### SQL Statement Full Scans 

> This graph shows the total number of full table and index scans across all nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This graph shows a moving average of the number of statements with full table and index scans across all nodes in the cluster.
```

[Examine the statements](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/sql-tuning-with-explain.html) that result in full table scans and consider adding [secondary indexes](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/schema-design-indexes.html#create-a-secondary-index).

### SQL Statement Contention 

> This graph shows the total number of SQL statements that experienced [contention](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/transactions.html#transaction-contention) across the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This graph shows a moving average of the number of SQL statements that experienced [contention](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/transactions.html#transaction-contention) across the cluster.
```

> The statement contention metric is a counter that represents the number of statements that have experienced contention. If a statement experiences at least one contention "event" (i.e., the statement is forced to wait for another transaction), the counter is incremented at most once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

This paragraph seems a bit unnecessary.
